add new solutions section (#2310)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/solutions/platform-engineering/standardize-microservices-development.md

4.  **Self-Service for Developers**: Now, when a development team needs to create a new microservice, they no longer start from scratch. They access the **Microservices** section in Mia-Platform Console, select "Create from Marketplace," and find the "Node.js Standard Service" template approved by the platform team. With a few clicks, the Console:
    * Creates a new Git repository by cloning the template.
    * Creates the new microservice in the project with all standard configurations already applied.

### The Outcome

* **Consistency and Standardization**: All new Node.js microservices follow the same best practices, simplifying management and maintenance.
* **Increased Development Speed**: Teams can create and deploy a new production-ready service in minutes instead of days.
* **Accelerated Onboarding**: New developers are immediately productive, as the service structure and pipelines are already defined and familiar.
* **Quality and Security "by design"**: Security and quality practices are integrated directly into the template, reducing the risk of errors and vulnerabilities.

> Thanks to Mia-Platform, the Platform Engineering team has transformed chaos into an industrial process, providing developers with a "golden path" that makes them faster, more autonomous, and more secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to Mia-Platform, the Platform Engineering team has transformed chaos into an industrial process, providing developers with golden paths and guardrails that makes them faster, more autonomous and more secure.
```
